The video was recorded during the 2018 Dzogchen Summer Retreat at Padma Samye Ling in Sidney Center
, New York, and covers the teachings of H.H. Dudjom Rinpoche's "Heart Jewel of the Fortunate".
, New York, and covers the teachings of H.H. Dudjom Rinpoche's "Heart Jewel of the Fortunate" in
Sidney Center, New York, and covers the teachings of H.H. Dudjom Rinpoche's "Heart Jewel of the
Fortunate".
The video was recorded during the 2018 Dzogchen Summer Retreat at Padma Samye Ling in Sidney Center
, New York, and covers the teachings of H.H. Dudjom Rinpoche's "Heart Jewel of the Fortunate".
H.H. Dudjom Rinpoche's "Heart Jewel of the Fortunate" in Sidney Center, New York, and covers the
teachings of H.H. Dudjom Rinpoche's "Heart Jewel of the Fortunate" in Sidney Center, New York, and
covers the teachings of H.H. Dudjom Rinpoche's "Heart Jewel of the Fortunate".
H.H. Dudjom Rinpoche's "Heart Jewel of the Fortunate" in Sidney Center, New York, and covers the
teachings of H.H. Dudjom Rinpoche's "Heart Jewel of the Fortunate".
H.H. Dudjom Rinpoche's "Heart Jewel of the Fortunate", and covers the teachings of H.H. Dudjom Rin
poche's "Heart Jewel of the Fortunate".